Updating RPC methods section and linking them from modules page (#821)
rsksmart/devportal: _rsk/node/configure/reference.md

{ name: "mnr", version: "1.0", enabled: "true" }
```

> RPC methods for each module can be found [here](/_rsk/node/architecture/json-rpc#json-rpc-methods)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RPC methods for each module can be found in the [JSON-RPC documentation](/rsk/node/architecture/json-rpc/).
```
